Welcome to Scrabble, the popular word board game! Below are instructions on how to play:

The first player combines two or more of his or her letters to form a word and places it on the board to read either across or down with one letter
 on the center square. Diagonal words are not allowed.

Complete your turn by clicking the “check turn” button. The program will then check to make sure that all the moves made during the turn were consistent
with the official rules of the game, including a check for words that don’t appear in the Scrabble dictionary. If the turn passes all the rules test, the 
“get tiles” button . Then draw as many new letters as you played; always keep seven letters on your rack, as long as there are enough tiles left in the bag.

The second player adds one or more letters to those already played to form new words. All letters played on a turn must be placed in one row across or down 
the board, to form at least one complete word. If, at the same time, they touch others letters in adjacent rows, those must also form complete words, crossword
fashion, with all such letters. The player gets full credit for all words formed or modified on his or her turn. 

No tile may be shifted or replaced after it has been played and scored.

You may use a turn to exchange a single letter. To do this, simply choose a letter and then click “exchange tile.” This ends your turn.

The score for each turn is the sum of the letter values in each word(s) formed or modified on that turn, plus the additional points obtained from placing 
letters on Premium Squares, which double or triple the word or letter counts on the board.

Letter and word premiums count only on the turn in which they are played. On later turns, letters already played on premium squares count at face value.

When two or more words are formed in the same play, each is scored.  If a players plays seven tiles on a turn, they score a premium of 50 points after totaling 
your score for their turn.

When the game ends, each player's score is reduced by the sum of his or her unplayed letters. In addition, if a player has used all of his or her letters, the 
sum of the other players' unplayed letters is added to that player's score.

The game ends when all letters have been drawn and one player uses his or her last letter; or when all possible plays have been made. The player with the highest 
final score wins the game. In case of a tie, the player with the highest score before adding or deducting unplayed letters wins.

Enjoy!